Create ui-c8y-1022-27-1-audit-logs-improved-query-performance-9880-graft-release-cd-9900.md (#3707)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1022-27-1-audit-logs-improved-query-performance-9880-graft-release-cd-9900.md

---
date: ""

> title: Improved query performance for audit logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved audit logs list performance
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64464
version: 1022.27.1
---

> This fix improves the performance of loading audit logs list in Administration app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the past, loading the audit logs list in the Administration app was slow, especially for tenants with a large number of audit log entries. This change optimizes the query used to retrieve the audit logs from backend, resulting in a significant performance improvement. Users will now experience much faster loading times when viewing the audit log list, even for tenants with extensive audit history.
```

> In the past, loading the audit logs list in the Administration was slow, especially for tenants with a large number of audit log entries. This change optimizes the query used to retrieve the audit logs from backend, resulting in a significant performance improvement. Users will now experience much faster loading times when viewing the audit log list, even for tenants with extensive audit history.

Reviewer 2: I do not think we need to mention optimizig the query, that is implementation info that is of no interest to the customer.  Suggest instead: This change results in a significant performance improvement; users ....

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the past, loading the audit logs list in the Administration was slow, especially for tenants with a large number of audit log entries. This change results in a significant performance improvement; users will now experience much faster loading times when viewing the audit log list, even for tenants with extensive audit history.
```

> In the past, loading the audit logs list in the Administration app was slow, especially for tenants with a large number of audit log entries. This change optimizes the query used to retrieve the audit logs from backend, resulting in a significant performance improvement. Users will now experience much faster loading times when viewing the audit log list, even for tenants with extensive audit history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the past, loading the audit logs list in the Administration was slow, especially for tenants with a large number of audit log entries. This change optimizes the query used to retrieve the audit logs from backend, resulting in a significant performance improvement. Users will now experience much faster loading times when viewing the audit log list, even for tenants with extensive audit history.
```
